Add certifications for MP 7.0 (#313)
OpenLiberty/certifications: microprofile/7.0/24.0.0.12-TCKResults.adoc

:page-layout: certification
= MicroProfile 7.0 TCK Results Summary

As required by the https://www.eclipse.org/legal/tck.php[Eclipse Foundation Technology Compatibility Kit License], following is a summary of the MicroProfile TCK results for MicroProfile 7.0.

== Open Liberty 24.0.0.12 MicroProfile 7.0 Certification Summary

> MicroProfile 7.0 consists of 8 MicroProfile Specifications plus the Jakarta EE Core Profile 10.0 specfication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MicroProfile 7.0 consists of 7 MicroProfile Specifications and it depends on the Jakarta EE Core Profile 10.0 specfication.
```

* MicroProfile Config 3.1

* MicroProfile Fault Tolerance 4.1

* MicroProfile Health 4.0

* MicroProfile JWT Authentication 2.1

* MicroProfile OpenAPI 4.0

* MicroProfile Rest Client 4.0

* MicroProfile Telemetry 2.0

* Jakarta EE Core Profile 10.0

=== Product Name, Version and download URL (if applicable):

https://public.dhe.ibm.com/ibmdl/export/pub/software/openliberty/runtime/release/24.0.0.12/openliberty-24.0.0.12.zip[Open Liberty 24.0.0.12]

In order to certify against MicroProfile 7.0, an implementation must pass the TCK tests for the seven included MicroProfile component specifications, plus
the Jakarta EE Core Profile 10.0 TCK.

=== MicroProfile 7.0 Component Specification Certification Summary (Java 11)
* xref:config/3.1/24.0.0.12-MicroProfile-Config-3.1-Java11-TCKResults.adoc[MicroProfile Config 3.1 TCK Result (Java 11)]

> * xref:faulttolerance/4.1/24.0.0.12-MicroProfile-Fault-Tolerance-4.1-Java11-TCKResults.adoc[MicroProfile Fault Tolerance 4.1 TCK Result (Java 11)]

Reviewer: wrong link

* xref:health/4.0.1/24.0.0.12-MicroProfile-Health-4.0.1-Java11-TCKResults.adoc[MicroProfile Health 4.0 TCK Result (Java 11)]
* xref:jwt/2.1/24.0.0.12-MicroProfile-JWT-Auth-2.1-Java11-TCKResults.adoc[MicroProfile JWT Authentication 2.1 TCK Result (Java 11)]
* xref:openapi/4.0/24.0.0.12-MicroProfile-Open-API-4.0.2-Java11-TCKResults.adoc[MicroProfile OpenAPI 4.0 TCK Result (Java 11)]
* xref:restclient/4.0/24.0.0.12-MicroProfile-Rest-Client-4.0-Java11-TCKResults.adoc[MicroProfile Rest Client 4.0 TCK Result (Java 11)]

> * xref:telemetry/2.0/24.0.0.12-MicroProfile-Telemetry-2.0-Java11-TCKResults.adoc[MicroProfile Telemetry 2.0 TCK Result (Java 11)]

Reviewer: broken link
